the next few minutes I'm going to show
you my simple method to supercharge from
a breakfast shakes first thing I do is
grind up some back seats now rather than
by flax meal which is ground seeds I
prefer to use whole seeds and grind them
myself I also save money this way what I
do is buy a bag of seeds like this and
grind them in a copywriter I grind up
the whole bag ahead of time just like
this so I save time in the morning when
I make my breakfast shakes quacks is a
serious health team that has been shown
to help protect against cancer because
of the photochemical minions it also
helps strengthen the immune system
fights diabetes constipation
inflammation menopause symptoms and even
heart disease Black's is an excellent
source of omega-3 five what I do is add
wheat jerks
we term is an excellent source of
omega-3 six as B and E vitamins and
loads of minerals like calcium iron
magnet manganese just an interview plus
it has fiber protein and complex carbs
so why do i mix wheat germ and flax
together because we charge has less fat
and more protein than class which has
more fiber so the two mix together
actually complement each other to make a
superfood add in my breakfast shakes I
just add a tablespoon to my shake every
morning here is the nutritional
information for our tablespoon of my
super mins
you
and once I mix it all up I for it back
into jars like this one and I keep them
in the freezer so the mixture stays
fresh